[BUG] Grafana does not show metrics from kafka and haproxy exporters (#2304)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/MONITORING.md

When dashboard creation or import succeeds you will see it on your dashboard list.

> `Note: Depends on the dashboards which rely on variouse variables, in order to visualize the data it is necessary to generate traffic to the components which are monitored`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Note: For some dashboards, there is no data to visualize until there is traffic activity for the monitored component.`
```
